Terms of Use
------------

#### Introduction and Acceptance

Relog Learning Private Limited (with educational brand as Relog), ( "**we**" , "**us**", or "**Company**" ) (collectively, know as "Website" or "Site")) makes this site and the related site materials available for your access and use subject to your compliance with these Terms of Use ("TOU"). Your obligations under this TOU include the obligation to abide by our [Community Guidelines](https://relog.in/docs/community-guidelines) and other terms and conditions ("supplemental terms") that apply to specific Relog projects, products, and services. Your use of any of our online learning services in preview mode, on a free trial basis, or pursuant to your purchase of a membership or other service offering, is also subject to our TOU, Privacy Policy and other guidelines. The TOU shall apply to the use of this website and any other linked pages, products, software(s), API keys, features, content or application services in connection therewith, offered from time to time by us ("Services'').

"Site materials" means the content, tools, products, services, projects, and activities made available or enabled via this site. Any person logging on to or using the Website (even when such person does not avail of any services provided in the Website) (hereinafter referred to as a "User", "You" or "reGrad") shall be presumed to have read these Terms of Use (which includes the Privacy Policy, separately put up on the Website) and unconditionally and irrevocably accepted the terms and conditions set out herein (these Terms of Use). These Terms of Use, together with the rest of the policies (defined below), constitute a binding and enforceable agreement between the User and us. These Terms of Use do not alter in any way the terms or conditions of any other written agreement you may have with us for other services.By using this Website, you agreed to accept all terms and conditions written in here. You must not use this Website if you disagree with any of these terms of use. This website and the products and services offered by us are not intended for children. By accessing or using this site and our products, you agree to comply with this TOU, and you certify that you are at least 18 years old, or if you are under 18 years old, your parent or legal guardian has reviewed the terms and accepted them on your behalf. Do not use or access the site if you do not agree to this TOU. Without generality of the foregoing, use of the Website is available only to persons who can form a legally binding contract under the Indian Contract Act, 1872 and any amendments thereto. It is clarified that the Privacy Policy (that is provided separately), form an integral part of these Terms of Use and should be read contemporaneously with the Terms of Use. Illegality or unenforceability of one or more provisions of these Terms of Use shall not affect the legality and enforceability of the other terms of the Terms of Use. For avoidance of doubt, if any of the provisions becomes void or unenforceable, the rest of the provisions of these TOU shall be binding upon the User.

#### Code of Conduct

You agree to not publish any damaging or negative content in public in relation to the Company/us, their users including in relation to this arrangement or the services. We value your right to express and encourage the product review till the extent it is following the [Community Guidelines](https://relog.in/docs/community-guidelines) You agree that you will not use the site or any site materials, project, or service to: (a) transmit spam, bulk, or unsolicited communications; (b) forge headers or otherwise manipulate identifiers (including URLs) in order to disguise the origin of any transmitted content; (c) misrepresent your identity, or affiliation with any person or entity; (d) disrupt the normal flow of dialogue or otherwise act in a manner that negatively affects other users' ability to participate in the site or any site projects or services; (e) engage in activities that would violate any fiduciary relationship, any applicable local, state, national or international law; or (f) collect or store personal data about other users unless specifically authorized to do so by such users.

#### Intellectual Property Rights

Other than the content you own, under these Terms, We own all the intellectual property rights and materials contained in this Website. You are welcome to make use of the site materials that are made available under open source or public licenses, on the condition that you comply with the requirements of the licenses. Information about the open source or public licenses that apply to specific site materials can be found either posted with or linked to those materials. Your use of the site does not transfer to you any ownership or other rights in the site or its content. The site and the site materials are the property of the Company and/or its content providers, and are protected by the laws of India and other countries, including their copyright and trademark laws. Except for materials available over the site under open source or public licenses, and except for uses that constitute "fair use" under Copyright Act, 1957, the site may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, transmitted, modified, indexed, cataloged, mirrored or distributed in any way, in whole or in part, without the express prior written consent of the Company.

#### Warranties and Representations

All of your contributions and submissions to the site and any site projects or services must comply with the applicable policies and guidelines. You also represent and warrant with respect to each of your submissions/projects/registration details or any presented data that it: (i) does not include unauthorized disclosure(s) of personal information or trade secrets, and does not include any confidential information; (ii) does not violate anyone's rights, including without limitation intellectual property rights; (iii) does not contain software viruses or any other elements designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any software, systems, or devices; (iv) does not contain or link to commercial solicitations; (v) is not subject to laws or regulations regarding the export and other dissemination of information or technology; and (vi) is not inaccurate, defamatory, obscene, harassing, illegal in any other way or otherwise objectionable in a manner which would support third party legal claims. As between you and us, you assume all risk and consequences resulting from any third party's use of any submission that you make. You grant to us and our respective licensees and assigns, the perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, royalty-free and worldwide right, but not the obligation, to make use of the name under which you submit content in connection with any subsequent use of the content for limited purposes. We agree that you retain ownership of the copyrights in your submissions, regardless of which license applies to our use, provided that if your submission contains third party or public domain content, we and you shall have the same rights as any member of the public with respect to the third party or public domain content. You agree that you own all rights in and to any content uploaded or provided by it, or imported, copied or uploaded by us in relation to the you as a result of the arrangements contemplated by our relationship, including any designs, images, animations, videos, audio files, fonts, logos, code, illustrations, compositions, artworks, interfaces, usernames, information provided for the purpose of creating a subdomain name, text, literary or advertisement works and any other materials ("Content"), or otherwise have (and will continue to have) the full power, title, licenses, consents and authority, in and to the Content, as necessary to legally access to, import, copy, use, publish, transfer or license such Content, by you and us or any of our affiliates; The Content provided by You, if any, as a result of the arrangements contemplated by our services is (and will continue to be) true, current, accurate, non-infringing upon any third party rights, and in no way unlawful for it to upload, import, copy, possess, post, transmit, display or otherwise use, in the country in which it reside; You agree to provide us to use in perpetuity, worldwide and free of charge, any version of this arrangement, contemplated by this agreement, in good faith for marketing and promotional activities, online and/or offline, and modify it as reasonably required for such purposes, and You waive any claims against the Company/us or its affiliates on its behalf relating to any past, present or future rights, or any other similar rights worldwide that You may have with respect to such limited permitted uses.

**You warrant and undertake not to**: Use any illegal action to collect login data and/or passwords for other competitive websites, third parties, software or services; Impersonate any person or entity or provide false information on the site or our services, whether directly or indirectly, or otherwise perform any manipulation in order to disguise its identity or the origin of any message or transmittal it send to us or any other users; Falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with any person or entity, or falsely express or imply that We or any third party endorses you, it's business, products, or any statement it makes, if any; Reverse look-up, trace, or seek to trace another user of the Website, or otherwise interfere with or violate any other user's right to privacy or other rights, or harvest or collect personally identifiable information about visitors or users of the Website without their express and informed consent; Sell, license, or exploit for any commercial purposes any use of or access to the content of the Website that is not under your own content and creation or under its intellectual property, except as expressly permitted by us; Access or use the Website and its services for benchmarking or similar competitive analysis purposes or in order to build a competitive product or service; and Act in any manner which might be perceived as damaging to our reputation and goodwill or which may bring us into disrepute or harm.

#### Feedbacks and Suggestions

If you submit ideas, suggestions, or proposals to us through our suggestion, user comment, or feedback pages, you acknowledge and agree that: (a) your submission does not contain confidential or proprietary information and we are not obligated to keep it confidential; (b) we are entitled to use or disclose the submission for any purpose and in any way; (c) we already may be considering or developing something similar to your submission; and (d) if we make use of all or part of your submission, you will not be entitled to any payment or other consideration.

#### Restrictions

You are specifically restricted from above mentioned particulars as well as from publishing any Website material in any other media; selling, sublicensing and/or otherwise commercializing any Website material; publicly performing and/or showing any Website material for commercial or promotional purposes; Using this Website in any way that is or may be damaging to this Website; Using this Website in any way that impacts user access to this Website; Using this Website contrary to applicable laws and regulations, or in any way may cause harm to the Website, or to any person or business entity; and Engaging in any data mining, data harvesting, data extracting or any other similar activity in relation to this Website.

#### Your Content

In these Website Standard Terms and Conditions, "Your Content" shall mean any audio, video text, images or other material you choose to display on this Website. By displaying Your Content, you grant us a non-exclusive, worldwide irrevocable, sub-licensable license to use, reproduce, adapt, publish, translate and distribute it in any and all media only for promotional purposes.

#### Confidentiality

The User may receive or have access to certain confidential and proprietary information, including without limitation, information belonging and/or relating to other Users, Us, and our affiliates, marketing prospects, contractors, officers, directors or shareholders, personal data of other Users ("CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION"). The User shall keep Confidential Information in confidence. The User shall not, without our prior written consent, divulge any of the Confidential Information to any third party who have a need to know for the purposes of these Terms of Use. The User shall use the Confidential Information solely in furtherance of and in connection with the Services contemplated under these Terms of Use. The User further agrees that the Confidential Information will not be used by him/ her and his/ her representatives, in any way detrimental to the interests of Us.

#### Limitation of Liabilities

To the fullest extent permitted by law in each applicable jurisdiction, NC, its officers, directors, shareholders, employees, affiliates and/or agents shall not be liable to you for any direct, indirect, incidental, special, punitive, exemplary or consequential damages whatsoever, including any damages resulting from (1) errors, mistakes, or inaccuracies of or in any content; (2) any personal injury or property damage related to your use of our Services; (3) any unauthorized access to or use of our servers and/or any personal information and/or other information stored therein; (4) any interruption or cessation of transmission to or from the NC Services; (5) the use or display of any Content or User content posted, emailed, transmitted, or otherwise made available via the NC Services; (6) events beyond the reasonable control of NC, including any internet failures, equipment failures, electrical power failures, strikes, labor disputes, riots, insurrections, civil disturbances, shortages of labor or materials, fires, floods, storms, earthquakes, explosions, acts of God, war, terrorism, intergalactic struggles, governmental actions, orders of courts, agencies or tribunals or non-performance of third parties; and/or (7) loss of use, data, profits, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from the use or the inability to use any or all of our Services. You acknowledge and agree that these limitations of liability are agreed allocations of risk constituting in part the consideration for our services to you, and such limitations will apply even if We have been advised of the possibility of such liabilities. Subject to applicable law, we will not be liable for any damages.

#### Severability

If any provision of these Terms is found to be invalid under any applicable law or declared invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, such provisions shall be deleted without affecting the remaining provisions herein and the remaining terms and provisions of the TOU shall remain unimpaired and in full full force and effect.

#### Variation of Terms

This TOU may be amended, modified, changed or altered from time to time and we encourage you to read the TOU and other supplemental terms carefully before using our services on a regular basis.

#### Assignment

We are allowed to assign, transfer, and subcontract its rights and/or obligations under these Terms without any notification. However, you are not allowed to assign, transfer, or subcontract any of your rights and/or obligations under these Terms.

#### Grievance Redressal

We encourage you to refrain from going public with any dispute/complaints you have, without trying to resolve the dispute with Us in good faith. You shall send us a notice of conflict/dispute to our grievance redressal team by sending the notice to the registered email of the us and the contact details of the Website, as detailed below. You shall wait for at-least 30-days for the acknowledgment and resolution of the dispute thereafter. If the complaint is not resolved to your satisfaction after contacting and working with Relog, in good faith, you might take due course.

#### Termination

In the event we believe that You are not following the code of conduct or community guidelines of the Relog, we have the sole discretion to ban you from the camp and any of our other Services and platforms, while refunding your admission fee on a pro-rata basis to the usage of product.

#### Registration Data

You agree to provide true, accurate, current and complete information about yourself as prompted by the site's registration form (the "Registration Data"). If we have reason to believe that you have failed to do so, we may suspend or terminate your account/seat, and refuse or terminate any current or future use of the site or any of our service.

#### Trademark Information

You agree not to incorporate any Relog into your trademarks, service marks, company names, Internet addresses, domain names, or any other similar designations. You may not remove or alter any Relog marks, or co-brand your own services or material with any of the Relog marks or brand.

#### Privacy Policy

The Registration Data and other information that you provide to us or that we collect about you will be used and processed by us in accordance with our [Privacy Policy](https://relog.in/docs/privacy-policy). By continuing to use the site, you acknowledge that you have read our Privacy Policy and that you understand and agree that your personal information will be used and processed by us in accordance with our Privacy Policy.

#### Advertisements, Third Party Posts and Links

The messages and other posts by third parties that appear on the site express the views of their authors, who are wholly responsible for that content. They do not represent our opinions. We may display advertisements and promotions from third parties on the site. Also, the site contains links to third party sites or resources. Your contacts and interactions with these third parties and your participation in these promotions are solely between you and the third party, and we are not responsible or liable for any loss or damage to you that may result. We don't endorse these third party sites or resources, and are not responsible for their availability.

#### Indemnification

You agree to indemnify and hold us and our officers, directors, affiliates, partners, agents, licensors, licensees, suppliers, employees and representatives harmless from any claim or demand, including reasonable attorneys' fees, made by any third party due to or arising out of your violation of this TOU, or your violation of any rights of any third party based on or related to your use of the site.

#### Force Majeure

We shall not be in breach of our obligation hereunder if we are delayed in the performance of, or are unable to perform (whether partially or fully) our obligations (provide the Services) as a result of the occurrence of a Force Majeure Event.

#### Governing Law

This TOU shall be governed by the laws of India. Every dispute, difference or question which may at anytime arise between the Parties, if not resolved under the mechanism of consultation shall be governed by and constructed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of India. The Users agree that any legal action or proceedings arising out of these Terms of Use or in connection with these Terms of Use may be brought EXCLUSIVELY in the competent courts/ tribunals having jurisdiction in New Delhi, India and the Users irrevocably submit themselves to the jurisdiction of such courts/ tribunals.

#### Modification and Termination of Services

We reserve the right in our sole discretion to remove site materials, modify, suspend or terminate the site (or any portion of it), and/or your use of or access, with or without notice. We will not be liable to you or any third-party for any modification, suspension, or termination of the site.

#### General Provisions

This TOU constitutes the complete and exclusive agreement between you and us relating to the subject matter that it covers, and it supersedes all prior versions. You also may be subject to additional terms and conditions that may apply when you use our products or services, or those of any third party. If a supplemental term conflicts with this TOU, the supplemental term will prevail. You agree that we may amend this TOU at any time by posting the amended terms on this site, without notice to you. Your use of the site after such posting will constitute consent to the modified TOU.

#### Assumptions of Risk, Safety, and Disclaimer

You agree to assume all risk in downloading and using any site materials, and with respect to any project that you undertake based on any site materials. You must take precautions (e.g., virus scans, etc.) to ensure that any content you download is free of viruses, worms or other potentially destructive elements. We provide no assurances that the site material is or will be free of viruses, problems, or errors, nor assurances that any such issues will be resolved. Your safety when you undertake projects based on site material is your own responsibility, and your responsibilities include without limitation proper use of equipment and safety gear, and determining whether you have adequate skill and experience to perform the project. Power tools, electricity, and other resources used for these projects are dangerous, unless used properly and with adequate precautions, including safety gear. Some illustrations in the site materials do not depict safety precautions or equipment, in order to show the project steps more clearly. Projects described and depicted in the site materials are not intended for use by children. Further, our partner, Relog has a string of success. We are looking forward to repeating that with you. We will do our best. But you should understand that no one could guarantee you a job. It's a competitive market. We will arrange interviews for you, we will equip and train you enough to crack those interviews. But at the end, it is you and your performance that will matter. Hence, we would like to reiterate that we DO NOT GUARANTEE any job or placement.

#### Warranty Disclaimer

YOUR USE OF THE SITE AND/OR ANY SITE MATERIALS IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK. THE SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ALL SITE MATERIALS, INFORMATION, AND SERVICES, IS PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS," "AS AVAILABLE," AND "WITH ALL FAULTS" BASIS. WE DISCLAIMS ALL EXPRESS OR IMPLIED CONDITIONS, REPRESENTATIONS, AND WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF MERCHANTABILITY, SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT. RELOG MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES, CONDITIONS OR GUARANTEES AS TO THE USEFULNESS QUALITY, SUITABILITY, TRUTH, ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE SITE OR THE SITE MATERIALS. WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION THAT: (A) THE SITE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR-FREE; (B) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SITE WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; (C) THE QUALITY OF ANY SITE MATERIALS, CONTENT, INFORMATION, OR OTHER MATERIAL OBTAINED FROM THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR EXPECTATIONS OR REQUIREMENTS; OR (D) ANY ERRORS IN THE SITE WILL BE CORRECTED. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER WRITTEN OR ORAL OBTAINED BY YOU FROM US, WHETHER OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE OR OTHERWISE, SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY PROVIDED IN THIS TOU. YOU ASSUME ALL RISK FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA THAT RESULTS FROM USE OF, OR OBTAINING ANY CONTENT FROM, THE SITE, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY DAMAGES RESULTING FROM VIRUSES.

#### Miscellaneous

Nothing in this TOU is intended to, or shall be deemed to, constitute a partnership or joint venture of any kind between us, nor constitute the User as agent or employee of the Company for any purpose. This TOU shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Indian law, and by using this website you are irrevocably submitting to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of India.

#### Complaints and Regulatory and Customer Grievance Redressal

ANY COMPLAINTS OR CONCERNS WITH REGARDS TO CONTENT OF THIS WEBSITE OR COMMENT OR BREACH OF THESE TERMS OF USE OR ANY INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OF ANY USER, INSTANCES OF CUSTOMER GRIEVANCES, REGULATORY QUERIES AND CLARIFICATIONS SHALL BE INFORMED/ COMMUNICATED AT THE CO-ORDINATES MENTIONED BELOW IN WRITING:

Mr. Bharatkumar Bhayani

Relog Learning Private Limited

Email: <arpit.masterclass@gmail.com>

I HEREBY CONFIRM THAT I HAVE READ THESE TERMS OF USE AND ACCEPT THEM.
